Now, this section, we will use
a deep learning approach to detect vehicles in camera images,
and the context of a code framework,
this is a really important step.
For now, we have matched key points all over the image and we have
lidar points covering the entire scene in front of the sensor.
We now know how to remove some of the data we do not need by filtering,
but this will not be sufficient to identify individual vehicles,
and compute the TTC which is the ultimate goal in this course.
To get there, we need to group both key points and lidar points,
and associate them to the vehicles present in the scene.
Now, by using object detection,
we get a set of rectangles or bounding boxes around all vehicles in the scene,
and with these, we can unite camera and lidar.
Let's take a look at the program flow schematic
to see where we are, and where we need to go.